Clarify browser session replay privacy default setting (#26741)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/browser/privacy_options.md

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mask-mode-fixed.png" alt="Mask mode" style="width:70%;">}}

> **Note:** If you do not specify the privacy setting, `mask` is enabled by default when you enable Session Replay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If the privacy setting is not specified when enabling Session Replay, `mask` is enabled by default.
```

Reviewer: just a suggestion to tighten up the sentence by removing the pronouns.
